<hr><span>Meeting #1</span>
<span><strong>Date:</strong></span> Tuesday, May 14, 2024
<span><strong>Attendees:</strong></span> Sridhar, Valentin, Bruno, Rajiv
<span>ğŸ‘‰ Discussed the project and workflow.</span>
<span>ğŸ‘‰ Agreed to maintain a document for project notes.</span>
<span>ğŸ‘‰ Sridhar informed about his unavailability due to exams.</span>
<span>ğŸ‘‰ Discussed updating the README and repository references.</span><hr><span>Meeting #2</span>
<span><strong>Date:</strong></span> Tuesday, May 21, 2024 
<span><strong>Attendees:</strong></span> Sridhar, Valentin, Bruno, Rajiv
<span>ğŸ‘‰ Reviewed completed and pending action items.</span>
<span>ğŸ‘‰ Sridhar needs to fork the repo before merging PRs.</span>
<span>ğŸ‘‰ Discussed the use of Google Docs and GitHub for discussions.</span>
<span>ğŸ‘‰ Tim from OpenRewrite mentioned staying on the open-source part.</span>
<span>ğŸ‘‰ Sridharâ€™s exams end on May 28.</span><hr><span>Meeting #3</span>
<span><strong>Date:</strong></span> Thursday, May 30, 2024
<span><strong>Attendees:</strong></span> Sridhar, Valentin, Bruno, Rajiv
<span>ğŸ‘‰ Sridhar divided the proposal into modules and created a roadmap.</span>
<span>ğŸ‘‰ Discussed whether to extract metadata in a separate module or the core module.</span>
<span>ğŸ‘‰ Decided to use PicoCLI for the command line.</span>
<span>ğŸ‘‰ Sridhar will code starting from the next day and use TDD.</span>
<span>ğŸ‘‰ Discussed the use of shell scripts vs. Java/OpenRewrite.</span><hr><span>Meeting #4</span>
<span><strong>Date:</strong></span> Tuesday, June 4, 2024
<span><strong>Attendees:</strong></span> Sridhar, Valentin, Bruno
<span>ğŸ‘‰ Sridhar created a PR with CLI test cases.</span>
<span>ğŸ‘‰ Identified plugins with non-Java code and those outside the Jenkinsci organization to be ignored.</span>
<span>ğŸ‘‰ Valentin set up CD processes.</span>
<span>ğŸ‘‰ Action point: Sridhar to complete the second module by next week.</span><hr><span>Meeting #5</span>
<span><strong>Date:</strong></span> Tuesday, June 11, 2024
<span><strong>Attendees:</strong></span> Sridhar, Valentin, Bruno
<span>ğŸ‘‰ Discussed using updatecenter to get plugin lists and pom files.</span>
<span>ğŸ‘‰ Decided to use OpenRewrite to parse pom.xml.</span>
<span>ğŸ‘‰ Agreed to store metadata locally and cache update center files.</span>
<span>ğŸ‘‰ Action points: Sridhar to focus on core module and move to OpenRewrite parsing.</span><hr><span>Meeting #6</span>
<span><strong>Date:</strong></span> Tuesday, June 18, 2024
<span><strong>Attendees:</strong></span> Sridhar, Valentin, Bruno
<span>ğŸ‘‰ Sridhar added a new method to parse pom.xml.</span>
<span>ğŸ‘‰ Valentin tested the rewrite Maven plugin.</span>
<span>ğŸ‘‰ Discussed reusing existing recipes and creating new meta recipes.</span>
<span>ğŸ‘‰ Action points: Contact Steve Hill about previous Jenkins recipes.</span><hr><span>Meeting #7</span>
<span><strong>Date:</strong></span> Tuesday, June 25, 2024
<span><strong>Attendees:</strong></span> Sridhar, Valentin, Bruno
<span>ğŸ‘‰ Valentin will be off next week; Bruno will take notes.</span>
<span>ğŸ‘‰ Discussed automating cloning and version management with jgit.</span>
<span>ğŸ‘‰ Action points: Sridhar to create slides and a blank presentation; Bruno to contact Alyssa for the slide deck.</span><hr><span>Meeting #8</span>
<span><strong>Date:</strong></span> Tuesday, July 2, 2024
<span><strong>Attendees:</strong></span> Sridhar, Bruno
<span>ğŸ‘‰ Sridhar to seek feedback from Jenkinsâ€™ developers Google Group on metadata saving issue.</span>
<span>ğŸ‘‰ Plan to create a PR for jgit integration and work on metadata extraction after the midterm evaluation.</span>
<span>ğŸ‘‰ Action points: Sridhar to provide a blank presentation and schedule a meeting.</span><hr><span>Meeting #9</span>
<span><strong>Date:</strong></span> Tuesday, July 9, 2024
<span><strong>Attendees:</strong></span> Sridhar, Valentin Bruno
<span>ğŸ‘‰ Reviewed the release tool performance and its differences from Jenkins plugins.</span>
<span>ğŸ‘‰ Sridhar will give a rehearsal presentation.</span>
<span>ğŸ‘‰ Discussed issues with Gitpod and JDK11.</span>
<span>ğŸ‘‰ Action points: Speed up demo execution and integrate git/github.</span><hr><span>Meeting #10</span>
<span><strong>Date:</strong></span> Tuesday, July 16, 2024
<span><strong>Attendees:</strong></span> Sridhar, Valentin Bruno
<span>ğŸ‘‰ Challenges with multi-module project releases and RPU.</span>
<span>ğŸ‘‰ Good feedback on the demo and tool.</span>
<span>ğŸ‘‰ Discussed improvements for PR titles and adding more recipes.</span>
<span>ğŸ‘‰ Action points: Sridhar to add more recipes; Bruno to investigate the hub4j GitHub API repo.</span><hr><span>Meeting #11</span>
<span><strong>Date:</strong></span> Tuesday, July 23, 2024
<span><strong>Attendees:</strong></span> Sridhar, Bruno
<span>ğŸ‘‰ Problems with compiling plugins with current recipes.</span>
<span>ğŸ‘‰ Discussed JSON format for metadata files and recipe titles for PRs.</span>
<span>ğŸ‘‰ Sridhar to focus on adding recipes and address empty PRs issue.</span>
<span>ğŸ‘‰ Action points: Create an issue for empty PRs and solve it by next week.</span><hr>
